== Hooyu intro

Hooyu is a way to connect a hyperlocal community (like your company) by matching faces to names / departments.

Built using Ruby on Rails and React, the standard RoR project guidelines are followed (using foreman for process management). Postgres and Neo4j are used for data-stores, with the main game logic stored in Neo4j.

== Setting up Hooyu

Data is managed through Neo4j: https://neo4j.com/

1. Clone repo from https://github.com/sb8244/Hooyu.git.
2. Run `bundle` from directory repo is cloned to.
3. Create an .env file from the .env_template.
4. Generate a hash secret by running `rake secret` and enter the value into the HASH_SECRET variable in your .env file.
5. Install and run neo4j:
  a. `bundle exec rake neo4j:install[community-2.2.2,development]`.
  b. `bundle exec rake neo4j:install[community-2.2.2,test]`.
  c. `bundle exec rake neo4j:config[test,7475]`.
  d. `bundle exec rake neo4j:start[development]`.
  e. `bundle exec rake neo4j:start[test]`.
6. Once neo4j is running, configure your local username and password:
  a. Go to localhost:7474 (the default port for neo4j).
  b. Follow the prompts to set your username and password (neo4j/neo4j if you don’t care).
  c. In your Hooyu .env file, set the the NEO4J_USER and NEO4J_PASSWORD to the username and password you just created.
  d. Repeat steps a & b for the test instance running on localhost:7475. Make sure to set the username and password to the same values as the dev instance.
7. Generate your GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID and GOOGLE_CLIENT_SECRET. Make sure you set your callback url.
8. Initialize your database:
  a. `bundle exec rake db:create`.
  b. `bundle exec rake db:migrate`.
  c. `bundle exec rake db:test:prepare`.
9. Confirm all specs pass by running `bundle exec rspec`.
10. Create an organization through the rails console:
  a. ```Organization.create(name: "SalesLoft", domain: "salesloft.com", available_departments: [ "Marketing", "Support", "Engineering", "Finance", "Sales", "Leadership", "Account Management", "Implementation", "Sales  Development", "Administration", "Product"])```
11. Prepare for local front end development:
  a. run `npm install`.
  b. Keep `gulp watch` running as you change front end code in order for it to recompile as you code.
12. Run your server with `foreman s`.
13. To generate a list of random people, run the following command in your rails console: `100.times { FactoryGirl.create(:person) }`
14. To test the admin features of the app:
  a. Update your user’s admin flag to true: `User.first.update(admin: true)`.
  b. Use the people management page at localhost:3000/admin/people.

